一些关于引擎设计,Scene Management的文章 收藏
 http://www.realityprime.com/articles/scenegraphs-past-present-and-future





http://home.comcast.net/~tom_forsyth/blog.wiki.html#[[Scene%20Graphs%20-%20just%20say%20no]]








   这几天逛GameDev，几乎把所有和Scene Management相关的文章和帖子都翻遍了，看到各种牛人的讨论，受益匪浅啊，对研究引擎设计非常有用，把部分特别有意思的帖子列出来，希望对你也有帮助:)  (以下顺序不分前后)

(update on 4.23.09)

The Technology of a 3D Engine  part 1, part 2, part 3



Scene Graph Resources
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=349829

Terrain and Scene Graphs（关于scene graph的经典讨论，包括下面2个，一定要看，Yann L的回帖都是精华！！！）
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=110342

Combining Octrees and BSP trees... is it possible? 
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=123169

 ABTs, relaxing them and other questions
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=330265&whichpage=1&#2146040

Anti-SceneGraphism: A Tale of Tom Forsyth's "Scene Graphs Just Say No" (这个帖子可是牛人多多，包括大名鼎鼎的 Tom Forsyth，Dave Eberly，AndyTX，还有众多斑竹）
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=464464&PageSize=25&WhichPage=1

 multi-view scenegraph, kd-tree, ABT, BVH, static vs dynamic objects
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=483793

 General Question on Scenegraphs 
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=350528

Bounding Volumes / Scenegraph
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=264529

 Dynamic objects in scene graphs
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=310246

 Occlusion Culling
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=153497

Scene Graphs and Octrees
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=454593

 Quadtrees + Collision Detection
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=434610

Octree + Portal engine question
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=450982

 Octrees and Scenegraphs... how do they work together?
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=464305

 octrees vs kd-trees
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=289728&PageSize=25&WhichPage=1

To BSP or not to BSP...
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=310021

"Next Gen" game engine design
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=425353&PageSize=25&WhichPage=2

a very basic kd-tree tutorial?
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=504800

 Understanding and Implementing Scene Graphs
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?key=featart&uid=2028&forum_id=35&Topic_Title=Understanding+and+Implementing+Scene+Graphs

 Dynamic objects in scene graphs
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=310246

Engine design questions
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=515082&whichpage=1&#3351070

 Object-Oriented Scene Management
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?key=featart&uid=1812&forum_id=35&topic_title=object-oriented+scene+management&PageSize=25&WhichPage=1

 Scenegraph Management: A discussion
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=181233

 Dynamic 3D Scene Graphs
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=517420

 Need some help with scenegraph/octree concept
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=128965

 Scene Graph. DAG or Tree With Mesh List?
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=345631

 Scene graphs and spartial partitioning
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=204534

 Your scene graph design
http://www.gamedev.net/community/forums/topic.asp?topic_id=254917
